Serverless docs polish (#880)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: doc/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

If there is no such database, you will need to <<specifying-targeted-database, provide a valid database using the `database` keyword parameter>>.

=== Aura Graph Analytics Serverless

> The GDS Python Client has dedicated support for the Aura Graph Analytics Serverless offering.
> Below we illustrate how to instantiate the `GraphDataScience` object using an Aura API key pair and AuraDB connection information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GDS Python Client has dedicated support for the xref:graph-analytics-serverless.adoc[Aura Graph Analytics Serverless] offering.

This example shows how to instantiate the `GraphDataScience` object using an Aura API key pair and AuraDB connection information.
```

[source,python,role=no-test]
----
from graphdatascience.session import DbmsConnectionInfo, GdsSessions, AuraAPICredentials, SessionMemory

sessions = GdsSessions(api_credentials=AuraAPICredentials("<clientId>", "<clientSecret>"))
gds = sessions.get_or_create(
    session_name="my-session",
    memory=SessionMemory.m_4GB,
    db_connection=DbmsConnectionInfo("neo4j+s://mydbid.databases.neo4j.io", "neo4j", "<password>"),
)
----

> Full details covering all that you can do with this service is found on xref:graph-analytics-serverless.adoc[the dedicated page].
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
